five four three two one
fucking yeehaw Lenny Clarke gentleman
and his brother Mike Mike Clark the
second man to ever give me paid work
ever in my entire professional career
opening up for Lenny at Jay's in
Pittsfield yeah I don't even know if
norms around anymore but I remember that
gig like it was yesterday that guy paid
my rent many times many times this guy
and you did too working for you paid my
rent mate I work for him
I worked for Mike one of the craziest
gigs I ever did yeah I think it was a
one and done you never did it again it
was a restaurant and I was in the
seating area and the microphone for the
people when they announced their table
was tied to the PA system
so you'd be in the middle of this
punchline he'd be like so I said to the
guy that was the Mexican place down no
it wasn't a Mexican place it was a
seafood place oh well that was the
beautiful thing about being a comic in
Boston is that if you lived in Boston
you could go anywhere within like an
hour two hours outside the city and work
basically every weekend yeah well
Tuesday through Sunday Joe yeah we were
working seven nights a week at one point
it was so much you know and and gosh
yeah well it was amazing but it was also
terrible because a lot of people were
very bad with the taxes and they I
always put my mother told me don't fool
around with the taxes or the mob you
might have been the only guy oh I bet I
pay well you might have been the only
guy everybody else got hamstrung yeah
knock she got killed Kenny got killed
and then when they got killed it was
like hundreds of thousands years in
years and you know and you got to make
that up like fuck yeah yeah there's no
getting out you know again now you
wanted to paint it for the rest of your
life it's like student loans or
something you know what are you doing
out here what's going on I came out to
do this
a little bit more ah I was gonna do
Kimmel but smell forget kid so single
mother I'd like to fuck it was show you
this yeah and I played Rosie O'Donnell's
love interest break 35 years ago she
never forgot it you know and she was
great to me so we were gonna do that and
it didn't pan on the show got cancelled
so was sexual impropriety or something
that nothing to do with me
oh really that's why I came I don't know
I someone behind the scenes yeah yeah I
don't know what happened used to be that
was the norm yeah you know now shows get
can't live and now we well thank God
they didn't have cameras cellphones what
I'd still be doing time I think you
kidding me
then we're going down to what to do the
Navy SEALs Family Foundation a big
fundraiser we do every year
San Diego yes yeah yeah down the
Coronado a good buddy vice Kerry
Jackson's this Navy SEAL that we golf
with one day and we've been in touch
with ever since he's he's they're the
real bad yeah oh yeah it's beautiful I
went down and Mike said do the obstacle
courses alright so I climbed the rope
that was her then there's these logs and
I gonna logs around it there was
spinning logs at one time nearly broke
my back that was in it was not a step on
them yeah yes I think that's where Dick
Cheney lives yeah or Donald Rumsfeld one
of them rich warmonger type dudes yeah
there's a lot of a lot of money out
there I wish him rum sells the office at
the Pentagon did cross on well nothing
but you know my buddy who's with me was
reading the stuff on this desk because
he's a contractor but he can read upside
down you know and so it's this guy
Marine who ever realized what he was
doing came up covered it up I said what
you see it's not good
it's amazing that those guys are still
alive
oh yeah especially Cheney and he's got
somebody else's heart inside yeah I mean
any and he had the person killed for
that hot bit about how he had an extra
Secret Service agent he had a pump
inside of his body at one point time
where he didn't have a heartbeat
yes he had this crazy pump that would
just circle the blood but there was no
don't don't don't don't so someone
checked his heartbeat they would think
he's dead there was no heartbeat Wow so
he could fake that situation movie Wow I
had I had the opposite problem I had I
was doing a show and they made you know
and years ago when you did Network show
they made you I have a physical
physically so I went in in the guy goes
oh my god he's what he is you feel okay
I feel ready
your heart is Billy 283 beats a minute I
go isn't that like a professional he
goes that's like a dead man you moron so
he said this is horrible 283 beats a
minute yeah yeah they kept up like that
crazy beat like we'd go on and down yeah
yeah yeah they rushed me to a hospital
but before they did I said hey man I
really need this job you know if I give
you some money because are you trying to
bribe me I go yeah I don't have this job
I don't want to live I I need the job
you know so they rush me in in India I a
tribute formulation and then it was both
sides and I hold the record for being
jump-started you know when they
defibrillation yeah the Mass General
yeah it's like a phone book how many
times it's doing over 100 they restarted
you a hundred times yeah yeah well you
see the future they finally did the
ablation where they go in and they burn
the pot that's flapping and they found
out the other side was flapping too so
they I was like eight hours on the table
at this
dock them my friend ever you know
Everlast from the House of Pain yeah
he's got a fake one so he takes the
microphone and puts it up to his chest
this goes click click click click click
click click click click click click
quick he's got like a fake valve in
there Wow titanium valve it's really
creepy Wow puts the microphone it was
crazy
no I was a symptomatic you know and I
said to the doctor I said well what do
you think of these well you know you
wait probably has something I said well
I did a lot of blow he goes you'd have
to do credible amounts employs well
there's a small mountain in Peru missing
that fucking whole crew I mean Sweeney
and I talked about it when he did the
show that whole crew that Nick comedy
stopped crew was a cocaine fucking
extravaganza oh yeah I was very
fortunate that I did it didn't still
haven't never did coke Oh Joe I I went
to Columbia see what was made we set the
dog to America mr. Lenny I go blow for
$200 you know I couldn't even finish it
in a week you know but I've tried you
know my cell to blow what does it look
like you know facing yeah bigger than
that that's something 28 grand
yeah looking but an ounce of pot is like
yeah yeah that much is not the same
thing with coke I remember the girl said
Lenny you have to decide whether it's a
coke at me I said do you want a line for
the road I went recently a couple years
ago I went to do a burn noticed they
were filming a movie ok and they asked
me to come down and I went down there
and I went I remember some of this you
know but I I wasn't you know doing it
now but it's all Spanish no no I had
known to run lines
when did you stop doing it 22 years ago
23 yeah Wow
yeah that's a good amount of time well I
had to you know I was doing this movie
and I finished the guy I had throw this
guy through a wall and I really liked
the guy you know and and I didn't want
to hurt him and I said no no you know so
I put him through the wall and took a
door off the hinges and they said honey
we don't own that oh this is whitey
Bulger's place I go hey I'm done after
today someone's gonna pay whitey so the
guy I got it I finished and I bought a
bag blow and whiskey and a bag of dope
and some beers and guys you're happy
that I see guys you want to get real
happy I said you don't scare me so we'll
pick you up at 6:00 a.m. so I went back
to the hotel I met my buddy watch out -
buddy we went out he said let's see how
many bars we can go to before they
charge us for bulls you know so we had
at the Tall Ships down at the Fanueil
Hall and the guy didn't know me so we
paid we said we'll stay here then he
realized who I was then we drank free
went back and we're doing blowing the
door bangs open wiggle free somebody
said what he said so guys come on we're
going we're going so like a rave and
Fedora day a meeting in South Boston and
it just it clicked you know I thought it
was a gag I said I had the blow with me
and it's come on once in two lines just
listen listen listen
after a bender after what during a Penta
on me
and I I thought it was a rave I doubled
you know with that culture might feel
bad or no he was still my sponsor today
you know how and he's a young kid and
you know I said did you have a problem
he says I used to go into banks with a
shotgun everyone on the floor I go yeah
you can be my sponsor Wow best thing Joe
we got sober together yeah the same day
oh wow yeah Wow 23 years yeah yeah it's
that was a thing about that whole Boston
cruise it it was all kind of tied to
drugs oh and the comedy had that feel to
it because the comedy was frantic you
know and there was a thing yeah bang
bang bang there was a thing about the
guys who came out of Boston like still
to this day
they had like the fastest pace the most
punchlines and the audience is there
were used to that speed on any bullshit
and they would tell you they would if
you weren't good you suck tonight get
off we would have there was there were
times let's say this is gonna be new
material my night anyone who doesn't do
new material
the minute you do anything you've done
before get off the stage so Raj sniffy
sitting at the back and some you've done
that mean Joe a shot glass would shatter
in a while look next it was and people
like you said the audience's that came
in there would come every week yeah so
you'd have to get and they would not
settle for any bullshit you know that
blows that's no good yeah there was a
there was a whole scene there it wasn't
just a comics it was like comedy
connoisseurs there were so many people
that came to those clubs shows pull it
up Mike it shows that with legendary
will the ding ho on Wednesday night
Lenny would put like 32 acts on we gotta
get the show till 2:00 in the morning
license that do the cops are complaining
you got you got a stop and I go have a
drink it won't finish up you know first
the first night he took over when
kremens left kremens was leaving and it
was a sight Jesus job 85 86 so we're I
thought it closed at 84 I could be wrong
on the I don't know it was sure close
before my I came in 88 you know you know
what you're right probably probably
around 84 I took over from Barry and so
suddenly says to me hey man babby
Schlieffen will you stay for me I'll
double your pay and I go yeah all right
I'll stay fifteen to thirty dollars
right at the time you know and he says
you you run the club I go haha man I'll
get a guy he goes so it goes but a
little buddy just got laid off and Paul
the right to go well what if he screws
us I said he screws us I'll tell my
mother won't be fine so he comes in and
the first thing he says this shit is I
the food sucks
close the back room close the restaurant
we're gonna make that a show room - so
you're open the front room you go
through the kitchen and do a show in the
back room then you come back then wait
till it and we started we were doing six
shows tonight but the first night he
comes in I was pretty little because
you're not going on tonight you're drunk
and I go fuck you man I just got you a
fucking job you fuck you I'll do
whatever I want blah blah blah
so he gets Gavin and they go come on man
let's go in to cool the roads all nights
are under cooler but the lines and gavel
goes I'll be right back
I go on air click that Frick's
[Laughter]
okay alright but he turned it into a
gold mine we'd be doing six shows a
night three in the front three in the
back when Sweeney said that the guy lost
it in a gambling game yeah Chinese
dominoes over in Chinatown and he didn't
pay his food tax and so I guess a year
and a half later they came and locked it
up well first they came and he would
send a kid out to a liquor store to buy
booze because they took all the booze so
we'd have to buy booze for that night
and then after that they they came and
they took the chairs they took the
tables it was a lost every but it was
Wednesday night
Lenny Thursday night DJ has it Friday
night Don Gavin Saturday night kremens
and Sweeney on Sunday night oh just
killer show and what people don't know
is that Boston had a different way of
doing it so if it was the Lenny Clarke
show Lenny would host the show right
Lenny would go on you would do like what
10 15 minutes like that we're supposed
to hit open with 40 you know what I came
up with that joke that was my idea
because yeah because it used to be you
know opening me like closer yeah and I
was always the closer I'm going hey man
if I could host it I can do lines and
smoke dope in between the guys and I
said well if someone has a bad said I
could pick it up I came here no be the
buffer while stake it over that guy good
and it just took off it was a great way
of doing it yeah it really was and then
you would kind of close it too right
yeah yeah oh yeah oh absolutely yeah I
mean you know there were different
nights different crowds
- like gaff like I I was always working
Wednesdays and I'd be other clubs in but
I was wondering what cam shoka's gaff
had a great show and they didn't like me
I was like Cavs crowd did not go for me
they hated me and I said what the you
know I mean it was a whole day and I had
to learn to adapt to different audiences
because the difference between Gavin's
crowd say it was he was a smart
motherfucker yeah he's a genius his
fucking comedy was so sharp he would
have punchlines you never saw coming
Papa punchlines you never saw you were
comfortable from the last punchline they
hit you with another wow yeah it was the
first time I saw him he came on and I
watched him and I said to master shot I
don't like it but those guys my first
time I mean you know fucking lying
gamblers well not off to a good start
right like it was like competitive he
was competitive and one night I was
doing a show with him and some guy came
on stage behind me he was coming behind
me and gab jumped over this railing and
scored the guy off and I said em and I
was pretty cool because I got you back
in him we will drove home to his place
him but it was like three days getting I
am we've been friends ever since
but it's funny because he said to me
honey I gotta ask you a question because
if you could be the richest person or
the most famous person what would it be
oh but I was out the most famous singers
really yes okay
six weeks later SCAF I thought about it
you're right I'd rather be the richest
the fame shakes a bunch of bullshit he
goes well I'm glad you came around see
what I mean by smarter yeah he's nuts
yeah if you're the most famous person
you're just gonna get stopped every oh
it's not that you'd rather be that dude
that nobody knows well of course yeah I
have 5 billion difference billion or not
making it billionaire friends I think
I'm like tip you know you know that pet
pet pet Roger you know but I mean it's
unbelievable I mean that to live like
that you let your billion save him so
it's these guys are just like that more
money than you could spend more than you
could spend yeah that's a weird life
yeah weird like what everybody else is
struggling
but no one knows don't you have know
what some of them people know you know
but these people are like anonymous and
if more money they kind of reject very
clever god so yeah that's oh that's what
I would like that that's the way to go
yeah you need even if you were a comic
you'd rather just do clubs just show up
and do clubs and just do a set once
you're on stage telling jokes either
they laugh or they don't laugh if you're
funny you'll kill it doesn't matter if
you're famous you know I would like to I
would like to be I like doing theatres
now because it's a different crowd you
know I I still do a lot of clubs I work
Mike's club all the time thank often but
I thank God for me yeah there's some
people you know how when you work the
club you get some drunk it all it takes
is one person yeah you it cuz I still go
with the flow I mean I don't know what
I'm gonna do I'm just gonna go and I try
to keep it you know what's happening in
the news today and somewhat of just oh
man they break the rhythm you know and
and I want to stab them you know but you
can't well it doesn't always happen
though that's the thing it does happen
but it doesn't know he's right that's
great but Len just can't block it out
you know
it's he's doing it no one there locks
are worse than Apollo anything you just
have a look on your face that he doesn't
like what you don't think this is funny
Weejun words a whisper in a sawmill Nick
we're doing some comedy tour up Toronto
awesome and maybe Ottawa some get all in
and I was looking at him I was hosted
I'm looking at him and he I think we
smoked at the diamond it was a dark
dingy Club and it looked like watching
Lenny Bruce it was just like that
so I'm laughing I step outside the room
and this is what a pregnant woman goes
oh my god oh my god he's gonna make my
baby so funny
he's a funny motherfucker and he's been
going crazy lately because the Muller
report got released yeah and they said
that there's no collusion between Trump
and the Russian so all of his Twitter
all of his Instagram was just attacking
liberals
you can yeah yeah you can't retire you
lyin cocksucker just like so crazy
resigned this is so crazy put a gun he's
telling people to put a gun in their
mouth every time
brilliant joke yeah he was a guy that
made me think like oh ok you don't have
to be like a little skinny guy to do
stand-up alright cuz like he was this
big back in the day he's playing
football yeah women love them Nikki was
pretty funny to start you know yeah I
always have said you know he was having
good shows and he just he was out of the
club's every night and he just put and
he was always angry from the boys from I
had him on Newsradio we played my
brother and you know de Paulo's always
had this attitude that everyone's trying
to fuck him over I got him this gig and
it's almost like he made it happen like
it was him and Brian Cowen and Epstein
from Welcome Back Kotter were playing my
brothers and on the episode ever they
beat the fuck out of me we all beat the
fuck out of each other
broke bottles overhead we uh Bryan
Callen threw me through a window and
before the thing was cast I had told the
producer I said I got this comic he's
hilarious
I go he looks like he could be my
brother let's hire him he goes yeah
perfect he goes can he read so I could
see the reef so he comes into reeds and
he goes yeah he's great perfect but the
casting agent had different ideas she
had a friend who she so she she cast
this other guy unbeknownst to dieter and
he made a deal with the producer and the
showrunner and so they call Nick up and
tell them that he didn't get the gig
he's like what the fuck I didn't know
you got the gig they fucking just told
me I don't make the phone call and find
out what happened and you know and she's
like well I already hired my friend ago
you weren't supposed to hire your friend
like
are you doing and she's like well I just
you know I don't know what to do I
already hired this guy go we'll tell him
he's fired like this is real simple like
the producer wants it the network wants
him and so Nick came back and Nick got
the part and he couldn't believe it
he was like it worked out the world's
not fucking me over I go to my friend I
wanted you on the show and it worked out
but it was like he was convinced he was
gonna get fucked over he got fucked over
he's like I knew it what what is
happening yeah he's gonna be on the show
great love I love that guy to do you
know I I enjoy one you hear stories
about people remembering where they came
from and they help people out and when I
was doing uh there's only Sunday comics
at Fox and it wasn't it didn't start out
well I always want to go in to detain
the troops but when I got landing with
CBS they said no yet millions proper
you're not going anywhere
so when the troops came home I'd show it
got canceled that's all another
different story I want to talk about
that story oh yeah always it's
interesting it's a great story so I I go
to 229 pounds Marine base we pull up in
a limo we blow anything up down and
anything down up and I said I'm gonna
like this place so we go in George Lopez
there in George Miller a couple of
comics nice so I go up to Jeff Altman
and he's the host and I go to shake his
head and he blows me I gives me a hi hat
walks away I go what's this so they say
that later in the show they said listen
Jeff we have this kid I've got a purple
hat he's back now and we want to unite
him with his mother and he was that's
kind of corny and he walks off a girl
I'll do it and so I great now you don't
cooperate smile you know I miss my
family well that's great because we
brought your mother in to be like yeah
goes crazy and they said you want his
job I said yeah give me a dollar more
than him and I took over to suddenly
comics that night yeah so I mean so then
they said we go from like a hundred to
seven in the ratings and they said what
do you want I said what's your hire this
kid Kenny Rogers and there's my head
writer and I go what's he written I said
we brought me a couple of letters from
prison and one for no reason you told me
what I want this what I want so they
hire
and they fly him out I pick him up at
the airport we drive to my place in
Marina del Rey and he goes which floor
was yours they all of them you know I
was living in like a three millionth all
the place at the time he goes this is
incredible so we get jammed up for three
days and the third day comes down he's
all banged up because lucky he goes I
love you the man but yes I got a wife
and kid now I can't fuck this up I
really need the job it's okay all right
we'll go to work we drive down to Fox
and we put my pocket space at the top of
the roof it's great and we're going by a
Current Affair which used to be Marie
Paule which is you see yeah your people
suck you shouldn't even have all these
offices we're killing him in the ratings
they get all the stress so we go down
and I said in my secretary hold all my
calls we go in my office in this three
countries so why three couches I said
when people come over they might want a
nap right so they said okay mister clock
they're ready for Kenny so I bring Kenny
and to meet the producers and I said
just come by the office when you're done
so 20 minutes later he comes person is
my office you know I can't believe it
you're the fucking boss you know what
they don't be my job is to make you
happy
God he was great well that show was a
great show but there was a crazy thing
attached to that with your agent that
wound up fucking over not just you but a
slew of people one guy Oh Bob Williams
oh boy what was the star agencies I
would've what the fuck was the amount
like oh yeah oh we fucked everybody and
a little Seinfeld to nine dollars I
don't thinks I felt what I slopped when
i get lenny and i was making all sorts
of money they said you need an agent I
said I want Seinfeld and Leno's agent
you know and at the same time they he
was doing both of them so I figured
these guys are the biggest guys in the
business and he screwed them but they
got their money back I was like the the
lowest guy on the totem pole so I got to
go fight two million dollars Jesus I
mean it was bad I find what people were
trying to keep you from killing yeah I
went I found out where his kids went to
school and everything you know but you
can't do that you gotta let it go yeah
but it took along whatever happened is
that guy still in the business country
he's in country music oh they didn't
know yeah
didn't get the memo oh yeah it was I was
I was I was so pissed off I mean because
not only did I have the show but when I
went there everything was going good and
I invited Barry Diller to at Fox he was
the head of Fox at the time I would
throw a party for the entire cast the
crew everyone at Fox and they all showed
up and you know I had I showcased a
bunch of my friends so they could get
jobs and Barry Diller goes from you've
really done a great job for us I said I
really loved you know working with you
mr. Diller he said okay so later in the
night this this Asian man came up to me
goes you know everyone likes you but I
don't get it
and I said stick around hop sing you'll
catch you on and I didn't think anything
of it the next morning
they'd give me like a main dollar bonus
and they raised my my weekly salary I'm
it was a lot of money he was like over
two million bucks and I was going to
Dallas to do the tack deck Texas State
Fair would one of the man trellis is not
not early no the other ones just some
crazy name and I'll and in Dallas and he
calls me said I got good news and bad
news I said give me the bad news
did you have a problem with a Chinese
guy last night it said oh yeah yeah I
guess so I guess well that's Barry
Diller's right-hand man you're done he
they they threw you off the lot they
said I said what's the good news here we
got your money and I go I want my job I
said let me apologize to the guy I
didn't mean it I didn't know any go no
they've already taken all stuff out of
your office and put it in boxes and
you're done and now I do the State Fair
and I'm going man it sucks you know I
mean I want to get back to LA to try and
salvage to you know to career you know
because I mean this is another network
that I'm no longer welcome at just from
one conversation I've I've got stories I
wish I'd never opened my mouth I mean no
one's fucked up my life more than myself
and not intentional right so we're doing
the State Fair and this horse with a
buckboard goes out of control and the
horses swing and the
what's coming towards the reviewing
stand so I grabbed him the Mandrell girl
and get her out of it just as the whole
thing is wiped out
and I'm said did you get that they kept
on a tape yeah but that was that was the
end of my career at Fox
that's crazy from one conversation where
a guy said he didn't like you how about
this about one of them i'm at i have
lenny at CBS and it was still good
and then the quit the gulf war came out
that that killed me and then they'd
brought me back and we were hanging on
by a thread and they said listen forget
about the show we think you're a great
actor let's give you a movie theory it
says yeah we're gonna give you first
picture two million dollars and then
expects you to be the first of a million
and then to me and then to me five
million dollar three picture deal you
know I can't believe this happened is
that one question can you act and I said
hey I make a believe I'm having fun with
you and I get out I want hey man I was
only kidding that was that was a pretty
good get out and I and I got I just got
some I feel fine make it dollars but
just by being funny and in it and I said
I'll never do that again
so like that's gonna happen
I read for this movie true romance you
know oh yeah
so I mean I get I get clean I get
straight I work on the lines I'm ready
so I go over and it's Ridley Scott of
his brother one of the famous Scott the
rectus a kid comes out I saw many people
in there there's 13 that's because I
always like to know how many are in the
room cuz you don't wanna go in it so I
walk in and and I look at the paper he
goes you ready I go yeah I try to script
on the floor he goes I guess you already
goes hit the x was hitting from the left
I was hitting frightened I said you
better like it cuz you're never gonna
look pussy again I guess whoa whoa whoa
was it say look pussy I said write in
the script he picks up say so like pussy
I said well if you like it you look at
right drive it home my agent Cosby says
what did you do - he said you're a
brilliant actor but you gotta get off
the drugs I said I haven't done coke in
two weeks I was serious for this part
who's he get into Tom Sizemore is back
that's hilarious guys who were like oh
my god that's crazy that they got that
upset I'm having fun I'm pretending I'm
laughing with you I make them believe
I'm having fun with you and giving you
offering you millions of dollars isn't
this nice you know that's a problem with
people that have so much power they want
you to suck their dick every second of
the day and as soon as there's any
deviation at all they think you're oh
you think you're a smart ass you're done
in this you know how like a power you
know you know you know how guys sleep
with women you know to get ahead I had a
woman told me she wanted to fuck me but
she was hideous
[Laughter]
yeah I mean there was look there was
casting couches for both sides there was
what I knew a lady who'd bang all these
like sad little actor guys she was
always she was a casting lady and she'd
have these little sad actor guys so like
look all squeemish and shit like look at
her she's got that guy on a robe too and
she would bang them all she would get
these guys pardon shit fuck them all
then she was she was aggressive not
because I thing is though there's no
victim there nobody feel sorry for those
guys at all
not even for a second a guy that fucks a
lady who's a casting director like hey
he decided to do what he wanted to do
it's like it's such a different thing
than a guy being a casting agent that
fucks the actress I would fuck a dry
cleaner for free dry cleaner what what
do you want to do you know something bad
at all yeah it's a different animal it's
funny yeah but that whole models out the
window now with all this me to stuff and
after Weinstein got shot down I don't
act I've retired from acting so I'd like
to see what it's like now and wonder how
much different it is how much it's
changed you know I bet it's changed
quite a bit
well recently Joe I gave louia
at the club you know after he heard
about that and you know we called me up
and said hey do you mind if I do a spot
and I thought yeah sure no problem you
know I like Louie wasn't arrested or
convicted of anything and yeah so I put
him in he did fantastic
Cosby's what do you think I said yeah
after that evening the backlash was just
unbelievable yeah you know just I go how
long is enough what does this guy have
to do to try to get his career back
right but he what is the backlash though
because the backlash is not your your
the actual customers right no it was
they grabbed some female comics lot work
and that I'm working for me and that's
said that Mike locked the doors and put
a sexual predator on stage and it was
like everyone there enjoyed Louie and
you know I'm just trying to help a
friend
okay he came in and he walked over me I
gave him a big hug easy yeah we got no
problem
now you nitwit I said I would have
called you if that trick right had given
me a number he didn't give me in he goes
that's not right now go I know that's
what I told them they said so I bring
him on stage ladies and gentlemen you
know it's me to thing and everything
here's a guy who who didn't touch any
women matter of fact he touched himself
that was the problem they just happened
to be in the room and I said you could
have jerked off and for me as long as
you get on my shirt my shirt that's
pretty expensive I said but he's a
people you gave a job to the people that
that turned on him he gave jobs to all
right well there's a lot to that story I
don't know there's a lot to that story
that would make him look very different
and a lot of these people that are
accusing him and one day I think he's
gonna tell us so he I had a conversation
with him about it it's it's not as cut
and dry as everybody thinks everybody
thinks he had power over these women and
he pulled his dick out and started no
there was a lot of there was a lot of
sex talk it was a lot of flirting there
was a lot going on it wasn't that simple
and he's very convicted he's very
contrite about it is very very and he
knows he fucked up and by the way he
hadn't done anything like that in more
than a decade it was a long time he's
got a kinky thing I can't I get him I
can't reject off if the neighbors are
home I make weird faces
so would be fun for anyone but he's a
good guy rapist he's my sexual touch
anybody caught the worst part of the
wave oh yeah you know like if you're in
the ocean and you could be in the ocean
on a fucking surfboard and you just
catch this little tiny wave and
everything's fine or you could fuck up
and be in the right spot when that giant
wave comes and slams you in the head and
you have the same intention in the same
person and other in other times in
history he would have been fine he would
probably be fine today because
everything is kind of there's enough of
the females that have come out that have
been full of shit like Asia Argento and
the girl accused Chris Hardwick and then
Chris Hardwick released all these text
messages that show that she actually
cheated on him and she brought him back
and she's just trying to punish him for
all this but these there's a few of
those situations now where people
realize well there's there's definitely
sexual predators and it's definitely bad
man and but there's also women who are
taking advantage of this movement right
and I think the world is sort of like
calmed down a little like the Asia
Argento that one was a big one hmm you
know when she it turned out that she was
calling Harvey Weinstein a rapist while
she was fuckin a 17 year old right that
she was she played his mom in a movie
ten years ago when he was seven it's
like Jesus correct like how could you
how could you have that kind of
hypocrisy but there's a lot of that in
people that are screaming for attention
at the frontal line of a lot of these
things a lot of them have like dark
secrets themselves yeah you know and
like these people that don't want a guy
like Louie to have a road to redemption
they don't want him to work or even a
guy like Aziz Ansari which is even worse
he had a bad date with a girl like a bad
date where she blew him like three
different times and didn't want to keep
going bad date that sounds pretty good
for me it's pretty good no the whole
thing was so crazy it's like there's
there's more than one side to every
story like that and to take someone's
opinion or someone's perception of
something as 100% the actual event that
happened without any other evidence it's
kind of crazy I mean
I don't think I just I just think people
have to recognize that Louie in
particular he's been out of work he was
out of work for ten months I've lost all
of his shows long so most people think
he didn't suffer from that $30,000,000
Joe people that think he didn't suffer
Oh crazy
yeah you're crazy if you think he should
never be allowed to work again well he's
not a criminal so what are you saying
yeah I said sure you know what yeah I
wanted to give him a fighting chance and
I guess he is back doing clubs now and
he's doing a lot of clubs and he was
very that's it it's always trying to do
yes you know he's building his act again
doing clubs and some fucking asshole
releases his whole act on YouTube so now
all that material has to chuck away
right so he was writing during the time
he was gone but not performing right and
then he puts together you know an accent
you know look you know as well as
anybody when you have new shit it's got
some goddamn holes in it right I never
written a bit ever maybe one or two in
my whole career that was this that was
the finished bit when I first did it on
stage maybe one or two ever
they're always clunky and sometimes you
have ideas you're like why the fuck did
I even try that one I'm like the
Parkland shooter bit like he was doing
that bit no it's a very unfortunate bit
right especially when people who aren't
in the club hear it and then but who
knows what that bit would have been if
someone didn't tape it yeah if you gave
him a year to work it out right he
probably would have figured out a way to
make it where it wasn't offensive and it
didn't shit on those kids in the same
way my best stuff before cellphones and
because I didn't know I just went out
and now what I'm onstage I'm constantly
thinking oh don't go that don't do that
don't cross that line because somebody
you know it's a terrible feeling that
it's horrible it's not the funny shit
that you and I have laughed out hard was
something that someone definitely
shouldn't have said oh absolutely they
knew they shouldn't have said it that's
why they were saying it they were saying
it to make the audience laugh cuz they
were like I can't believe you fucking
said that oh yeah not like he means not
like that's his actual there's no
maliciousness behind a dive no you think
I
want people who spent 30 40 bucks to go
out and that'd be pissed them off and
ruin your night would you like for your
date no I'm just trying to make you
laugh so now it's a you know it's just
so Joe I can remember back with you and
Mike McCarthy yeah it was like who could
work the dirtiest you guys would be in
the back just dying yeah you know can't
even get I'd say let's if we can walk
the room suck in ever bro but I mean
women wait wait LA Depp oh my god I
remember one night I was feeling great
and I said dad let me dude I was fucked
up and I turn it on the ground and then
I felt bad cuz they were just so upset
so discuss women and these are like
regulars usually come they started
trying to win him back but there was a
show in Atlanta whatever's a guy
heckling me I said listen if you don't
shut up I'm gonna come down and pop you
right in the fucking face and I did I
went I went off the stage and pop this
fucking guy wait he was bleeding anyway
and the crowd was on his it took me 45
minutes just to break even you know and
then you kept going after you punch the
guy in the face yeah I don't know it was
you know I was doing a bunch of
one-night is in with and I was because
the crowd was a big crowd but spend like
300 people know I love being away and
this guy just and I'm fucking hit and I
went right up put the mic bang anyone
down he was screaming and crying Wow and
I went up in a baby boy that's the devil
team Boston in Orlando
you gave me the best advice anybody ever
gave me when I was starting out you did
and right after you brother gave me the
worst advice was good advice at the time
was smart advice you I just said Joe I
think maybe you should try to clean it
up a bit yeah and let it I love you
don't change it you made me laugh you
know because I mean I saw I've seen
everybody I said when I started doing
comedy but 41 years ago there was only
100 comedians maybe the whole country
you know what if I heard of someone I
would fly to their town to go on stage
instead let's get oh you don't think
Kennison you know and you know be
Slayton in San Francisco you know people
that dumb in Philadelphia could people I
I thought were really good in it it
might you know I would like to see what
it is you know I became friends with
Oliver you know that's awesome and then
then it just blew up I mean you know now
you don't even have to have an Acura on
YouTube I've seen those YouTube guys eat
shit yeah do draw people out to the club
at night for a while they'll do it for
what you trick people for a little bit
unless they become good and they keep
putting the work and do the act I mean
and and and you know develop an act but
you either can do it or you don't like
Jerry Seinfeld one said very famously
that if you're famous you have it buys
you 30 seconds yeah yeah buys you 30
seconds in front of a crowd they're
happy you there they'll give you 30
seconds and after that like okay what
the country he's a fuckin good joke
writer still slinging Comedy Store every
now and again I think he's still in
Branson but he comes down the store and
I worked with him a couple of times he's
good
Yeah right he's got new material he
looks good - he's healthy and then yeah
yeah but um like if those YouTube guys
they have a they have a shortcut right
you know there's there they make funny
videos on YouTube yeah
they they'll get a crowd even though
they're not really funny but if they put
in the work they can pull it off
look it it has been done mmm the most
courageous guy I ever saw was Charlie
Murphy yep because Charlie Murphy was
essentially a famous open mic er right
and that fucking guy would he started
out hosting it would be him and Donnell
and Bill burr and they would do these
shows together and Charlie had never
done stand-up mmm but he had the most
famous brother ever
and people would saw him on the Chappell
Chappell show really so he became famous
and then the guy had balls of steel man
I did a 22 show tour with him and he had
only been doing comedy for two years
yeah and I had been doing comedy for
more than 20 yeah and we were
co-headlining so I would headline one
night he would headline the other night
and I mean to be able to go on after a
guy who's been doing comedy 24 years
whatever the fucking was yeah and go on
after him and do 40 minutes was doing
yeah
and just the balls - yeah yeah yeah yeah
and he was just go on out there like you
own the place but passed away right yeah
jeez hey I worked you know you always
make it a point and people stay out of
material one of the biggest things that
all of us all each operator I never met
him he was this big big fat redneck guy
and we're working down south someplace
maybe Florida
and we're in the green room and he
watches The Tonight Show and it's on and
we're doing The Late Show and Kasich
comes out does his monologue and after
smile did you pretty he went out and did
God know whatever no there was no VC
eyes back then there was no tapes there
was nothing I got
you stole one of my jobs no my joking
yeah but I do it better I got no you
don't to it man that's all yeah but I do
it better yeah he's young kids yeah man
but I do it better well you know back in
the day in the catskills times they all
stole mmm like there was there was no
honor amongst thieves back then and
everyone just had jokes there were just
joked jokes like he almost had like a
tool box like oh I needed 3/8 and then
as television came along and then people
started getting in trouble for stealing
you know robbed and got in trouble and a
few other guys got in trouble and then
it sort of died off until like I mean
when YouTube came along then it kind of
killed it there's a still a few thieves
that are still running around to this
day and some of them are famous but most
of the audience knows now and if you
look look at someone who's a thief and
then you look at their Instagram
comments like holy shit people go after
them yeah people no no they know it's
the darkest thing you can do when a guy
works or a girl works forever on a bit
and then you just come along in the
finished product and snatch it and
switch a couple words and pretend
pretend you came up with it on your own
well when I started I was working as a
janitor in City Hall of Cambridge and I
took the other janitors out for BS when
he went through spring frustation alone
we saw Sweeney
and we saw Sweeney and Bill Campbell and
M going oh my god Sweeney was just guys
wow this guy do you like it I had a
couple of guys it's a couple of comics
but unlike the Janice it get funnier
than these guys you should so I talked
to George MacDonald about it at school
the next day and he was yeah man you
should be a comedian I go what's that he
goes that's what you saw last night his
house and we listen to Woody Allen album
and I don't even know Woody I know Woody
Allen from smoke I didn't know he was a
comedian and he did that joke about
hitting the moose up in Maine so I went
on and I've been on stage before I went
on at the but the thing always spring
for streets alone and I did this and it
was unbelievable change all my every
stunt with supplies like a stair the
relation and afterwards this little old
guy comes in the back mr. clock you're
very funny but you shouldn't use Woody
Allen material
what do you fuck you can manage and that
was it that was it and I sucked for
months I said but it was all mine you
know it was crazy yeah
there's a lot of guys in the beginning
that's Greg Fitzsimmons and I used to
steal from each other we have a deal
though like a fuse because we both only
had like 15 minutes and we had to do a
half so I would steal 15 his he'd still
15 of mine and we were best friends
oh yeah so we do that blow job material
killed and fucking pocket that was
fuckin pretty is that sure is you
fucking it just the best guys there's no
ideas you got to be heightened for Joey
upstage with a notebook yeah you gotta
go say that again used to do that Mike
Donovan Mike so good - because Mike
Donovan when I saw him I go wow this
guy's so just brain real tech but
everything and I used to take him out
after shows and taking the breakfast and
he would tell me says listen I'm gonna
tell you everything you did wrong
there's no need for me to tell you what
you did right because you can tell but
everything you did wrong and he would
listen I go oh my god you know and he
helped mold me and he helped make me
technically abetik I owe him a lot
everything Mike Dunn was great he helped
me as well he told me to record all my
sets yeah told me the old tapes at this
stage oh sure I never know you know you
might say one thing and you forget you
say it but that one thing might be to
make the bit ten times better Joe I
listened to him and I taped everything
what I was doing Eleni Bruce thing and
he used to tape you know and so I didn't
realize he was taping his act I know he
was tape and talking you know so I would
write when I first started doing it I
would write for hours and I would go
down to kitchen say mom what do you
think it is and I tell her Jessica's I
don't know I guess it's good I really
liked that rib day like a rep down
shit right now she goes that's why hides
by 57 varieties get over you're not the
only funny person in the world like oh
yeah she was gin taking shit so I'm
working to dooms one day and Pauly Shore
I'm up by the pool apology I turn around
who's II would but Rip Taylor right so I
said mister tell ya would you talk to my
mother and so did bring a phone out
there to pull this and is hello Jean its
rip Dylan you here so he's so nice I
told you he was funny
idiot I ended up doing Hollywood Squares
we've got to be friends of a good guy
good guy he made me laugh like I was
funny he was a hilarious guy he was
Hollywood Squares me he took over that
show yeah if you saw Hollywood Squares a
trip Taylor wasn't on you like he's the
funny one
yeah he's the guy you want to hear talk
yeah Donovan told me to record all my
sets and he you know he would who
explained to you the fuck meter - oh
that was young comics to this day don't
understand first time I ever heard that
he goes well you broke the fucking meter
I go what and I didn't even realize I
was doing it yeah and and now what I'm
working with guys that I like there yep
I said you don't listen you don't need
the fuck there drop the fuck that you
don't you don't need that the jokes fine
without it you know yeah I mean they go
you and I go don't don't do what I do
but you can do it when it's necessary
and when it's necessary it'll mean more
if you don't have ten other unusual well
unnecessary with Mike you know he he
tends to use it where he he wants to use
it where he's about the guys on in front
of him you know he goes I don't want you
doing it just for the sake of doing you
know and he was you know he's Mike's a
great guy and he still tapes every show
well he's a great comic and yeah he's
just very aware that you can the
audience get numb to that word weird
doesn't mean anything you don't hear it
until he goes up and then when he goes
up you only hear it when it's necessary
right it makes it's it's a presentation
the issue because if there's a guy in
on you some comics would use the word
fuck the same way they used the word um
fucking liking guy with the fucking
thing he's got his fucking hat on and
his fucking shoes are tied in this
fucking and just by the time you say and
I'm like fuck you it doesn't mean
anything right I used to open a stove
before Leno any would say to me you know
you're really funny but you don't have
to be that filthy you don't have to I
said yeah but but I feel like I'm
selling out yes you're not selling on
your cashing in and my mother I was just
said you can get more work and then I
started doing corporate cakes and people
say listen Lenny we don't care if you're
mildly amusing as long as you know say
fuck the rating and I want ya in my
flight 20 30 grand
signs of autograph so I mean so you did
so those are tempting that's the siren
song that's like that's where Jay made
most of his money oh yeah
I mean he would make hundreds of
thousands of dollars well he needs it he
never spent his tonight all of his money
went to cars that money came from gigs
yeah and he never put out a special he
had one special in show time way back in
the day in Philly me give me a million
dollars that's gonna cost me money but
his whole thing was he didn't want to do
it because that material was gone
yeah once he did it right but but he
would go to these places and do the same
act like two years later be like what
the fuck but he just had this polished
oh oh people said to me hey man I really
don't care for myself I said listen me I
said I used to open from and one matter
was that Nicks and I was supposed to 20
minutes and whatever I was hoping for
someone I'd do my time and get off
that's just respect and he come in and
he goes oh okay so anyway so now I do
about 45 and standalone crowds go crazy
and I'm walking I've in my mind I'm
gonna follow that fucker
you know in a minute he gets on stage
within two minutes it was like Lenny who
he was that good I mean it was a
Springsteen the car
is amazing don't know I don't know great
streams to go on Letterman back when he
was young that the crazy dark hair he
was the edgy comment oh yeah which is
hard for young guys too he would do a
two-hour show and it wasn't too much
right you know it was killer yeah yeah
he's extremely underrated as a kinder
and I think it's unfortunate that he
doesn't have like a great body of work
other than Tonight Show monologues
people think of him as the guy with
Tonight Show mano he's a great stand-up
anyone that that I see that is it's
really true
I give it up you know it's but here's
the thing you make me laugh you know I
like if you if you're successful in it
and I'm not getting them there you know
yeah that's good for you you know I mean
I don't belittle anybody for this
success I'm the same way
you know but but if you make me laugh
then I I'll pay to go see if you make me
laugh it's a waste of time to worry
about something you don't like because
obviously other people like it
alright yeah I feel the same way about
music there's a lot of music I don't
like it's fun they sell millions of
albums right
I don't care yeah there's no room I just
want to I just want to laugh if he could
make me laugh that's that's why some of
the people I hang around would just kill
and we go out we go out to dinner
everyone puts their cell phones on the
table off beautiful you know that's nice
you go yeah we can't be so you need some
nipple to take you down you know God so
many people are fuckin interested in
just looking at their phone all right
now if I wasn't is all the same if I was
a young kid coming up now I'd be an
animal because I wouldn't care
oh you can't say that right now and the
thing was you know when I started people
say oh my god what a funny take on that
night what's no funny take it was what I
actually thought rather than you know
popped a balloon and take them know I'm
crazy I just oh yeah
cuz that's why I've never thought it was
funnier than anybody I just know that
I'm sick and I just as they under the
guise of humor it works yeah you know it
works well we were very lucky that in
those days in Boston
I started in 88 but in in those days
there was remember in Warrenton stream
yeah you had you had the comi at the
Charles yeah up the theater above
downstairs was the connection right over
here was next right and over there was
Duck Soup right that's fucking crazy it
was mighty God he opened one club what
was that Club in the hotel Brad yeah
what was in the basement Joker's okay
this place would hold over three hours a
beautiful room at one night I had Mike
binder come on your mic sure it might
bind it I just know she's done a
documentary right now on the store I
said do some time I'm in the back in
backstage don't lines and he brought the
entire audience with the dress of the
dress room and this is da the comedians
are hot at work well the other comedians
are on relax relax it's just stunt coke
it's not real you know so there's no
other place like that like the scene in
New York was very different the scene in
New York there's the never they never
did the hosting thing the way they did
in Boston there wasn't as many clubs
that were like close together they would
talk to the crowd yeah there would no
joke we from and yeah it's a little
different now now there's a lot of jokes
but I think I tribute that to the size
of the rooms in New York you're on top
of people that's the first thing I
noticed when I moved to New York I was
like God the fucking audiences it
literally would be like I'd be standing
on a stage and you would be the front
room everyone's so close yeah the old
catcher Rising Star Dangerfield stand up
New York stand up New York on top of you
I used to go down I take the train down
and stand in my way for a number to go
on it catch and that put me on last
because I was from Boston and I go when
I burned it down and you go hey man you
know he should $10 $10 would they give
me that about that I might get onto the
night out and go back and I did that for
years and finally some good like bells
it was good to me and even Piscopo gave
me a break and some other guys but Mike
said what do you go to any outfit
let's book why go to me ah guts let's
have them come to us and the thing
always just like an explosion yeah there
was no place like that
scene and I feel so lucky that I started
stand-up in 88 in Boston I feel like I
just caught this way you know yeah it
was where'd you leave Joe 91 I think or
92 did you go to New York or LA New York
dear I got signed by Jeff Sussman okay
that's when I moved out and then that
one year I was driving limo then when
you went to LA at the baseball show you
got what hard work but Mike's time yeah
and if anything about Mike's dad I
always wanted to work with him I just
he's great yeah he's a great guy yeah
he's add a ton of of incredible body of
work so we do a movie together we do
something up in Canada and we get in a
beef you and my stars yeah yeah yeah
yeah that's it so hey I said he said
something what we were drinking and we
were drinking like lebackes black ice
you got the hangover before you get high
it was that powerful shit right and he
said something goes hey man I waited 10
years to work with you in a deck and he
said something I leap over a table fight
broke out that a bus yeah oh yeah I was
on him like a spider monkey I was I was
like 350 at the time so what I well I
landed on him he went down you know and
they they broke them they throw us out
and we're walking out he goes you know
very disappointed in you disappoint me
fuck you I'm disappointed in you I
waited all this time to work with and we
made up but it was never the same
what year was that oh shit I don't know
a long long time ago probably 25 years
yeah same day 192 oh that was probably
even before I met him yeah yeah I will
have him in 94 yeah yeah last night on
Dumb and Dumber he's a great guy yeah
nice I you know I was drinking well you
know it was a pretty epic movie sake it
for damn I go what's this he go well
this is pretty money I go what's it for
well you know to buy food well we get
fed there we go well you know what I
spent it right
you can say it was crazy you know but it
was fun yeah you learn yeah you learn
yeah um yeah so I moved to New York and
I think wasn't either 91 or 92 and then
I moved out here in 94 mmm so was it in
New York very long and then you get
Newsradio no yeah I got hard ball got
canceled not both that was what's that
fucked yeah what a fox his first shows I
don't think so
no I'm married with children and
Simpsons and there was a lot of shows on
there they were doing sitcoms though
that's what yeah wasn't very good it was
a lot of problems but it was also an
interesting thing to see that the pilot
was really funny Jim Breuer was in the
pilot the pilot was great but the pilot
was made by the creators of the show and
then once the network decided to pick it
up then they started bringing these
network hacks to come in and turn it
into some bullshit fucking show and it
was terrible they rewrote scenes and it
was it was a disaster so I got to see
like how really funny writers and really
funny actors can put together a really
funny pilot and then that show could
turn into dog shit because of network
meddling and executive meddling and then
to go from that to news radio which was
like the polar opposite that was just
they get they bet they didn't give Paul
sims much grief at all they let him do
whatever the fuck he wanted because he
was coming from Larry Sanders show and
they knew he was brilliant and then they
had you know I'm working with more
incredible it was the luckiest gig ever
I couldn't believe it you know I'm
working with those I never even took
acting lessons nothing I mean I I had a
couple acting they made me get a coach
when I first got a development deal and
I think I took like four or five lessons
with this lady so I had they give me a
deal and they said you gotta take acting
lessons yeah so I went to the
sacrificing this one okay we're gonna be
a tree I don't know okay
I in this and the same we run everyone
caught on like ants for all ants
nice that's it see you later what I
don't know why would be an ads cuz what
fucking movie am I gonna be a giant no
that's not what I'm looking for and I
left and I get Lenny two days later they
all fucking quit it was crazy
well the problem with acting classes is
I mean it's good to practice like to
learn how to read lines yeah but it's
just pretending no I'm not saying I'm
Daniel day-lewis or I know how to do it
like one of those guys that's a
different level of acting that's it but
if you're on a sitcom right and if I'm a
sitcom I'm playing a guy like me right
and it's just it's just like stand-up
but easier that's what it felt much easy
said but what's what
what was it difference I said well okay
the difference between doing a sitcom
there's a camera and if something goes
wrong we take it again and I can throw
bottles at you oh my god what I opened
for Aerosmith leaves to come and see me
at it stitches all the time and I had no
idea who they were and someone said you
know that is I said yes Amaris rock
bands in the world you know I was at the
disco because it was the you could get
laid it was Apple that was like I was
like Travolta in Santa Fe right which it
was fun I mean that was it was crazy so
they so I was a fat guy I could dance I
was like Gleason you know but they come
and they said we want you to open for a
sec oh yeah no problem so why go over to
the Orpheum Theatre this is what one of
them any comeback soon after but they
were still getting I think so I mean I
go in with the crowd is going in you
know and they're saying hey man I heard
this a comedian tonight we're gonna fuck
him up and I'm listening to this I'm
going hey man I'm the comedian it's
myself some guys Lenny Lenny
so they call me what are you doing I
said well I'm going to him no no you're
going to stage two I don't even know
they had a stage story so I go back in
there all I mean it was fucking wild so
I go on stage and they stop booing right
and it's like runway lights
iris pretend he's incredible lights I
couldn't see
and this is but 438 did throwing bottles
and bottles smashing all around me right
dodging shit I can't see it coming too
bright out of its lesson so this kid
throws a milk that hits me in the balls
drops me to my fucking knees I'm like
it's so Steven Tyler has his body I
dragged me through the curtain cuz I'm
right by the curtain on cuz I'm backing
up I'm trying to get a couple granules
here it is come back tomorrow night so
oh my gosh I go back to the next night
like a rally and they see you want to go
to Japan with us I gonna see you gotta
figure a workaround oh oh well you you
learn I think of you a good comic you
learn from your mistakes if you don't
you know you're not gonna you're not
gonna proceed and I did I had I had the
pleasure working with I work with who's
pretty woman who said she gear no no the
guy who sang pretty well Oh Roy Roy
Orbison yeah I think that's how bad my
mind is that so
I'm with I'm with Kenny were up for
about three days I said I gotta go to
Worcester I'm open for Roy Orbison I'm
almost out of gas I'm out of blow I'm
exhausted I pull into this place and I
go up there and it's just food bigger
than this whole table all this food
you're my daddy today so I just thought
rev I'm like a bad black he's got those
glasses and it's for esa's you're the
comedian I said yeah he goes the bridge
once I do show a great show I come back
boys you're a fantastic man well you
want to go on told us I got asked me to
go on a Robert oh yeah
that that work would rate your house you
know yeah and it was so good to me oh
man he goes Lenny you're the funniest
comedian I've never seen know what the
Vegas in Vegas well he was great it was
it was amazing the only person I have
all before that I really had was juice
Newton she was such a bitch to me man
young guy you know what I was doing like
the Cape Cod you know she was like a
country star right so my buddy showed up
my on my high school boy climbed up and
they took the juice token off and they
took the lettuce and Lenny yeah I didn't
work out well yeah is that what she was
pissed about her no she was just pissed
at me I don't know I mean if she didn't
want a comedian oh but I don't know you
know I mean I was excited about meet now
you know she's just I know Justin but to
play with it okay my heart's or some
shit I don't know
she had a one big buddy of mine who was
in love with her he had a juice Newton
poster on his wall yeah every time I go
over his house I remember his name it
was Mike you know who opens up for
Metallica is brew and apparently he's
fucking sensational oh yeah he's a big
Metallica fan and he does a game show
yeah he's just so he doesn't give a fuck
no he just wants to make a live and have
a good time you know he's not trying to
get more famous than he already is but
he's if you get a chance to see Jim
Breuer oh yeah hey Stuart I took the
wife gets to Africa it was tell me about
the trip to Africa for Metallica no no
just well I think they were there but he
moved a wife and kids over to they've
gotta stop take my kids to Africa but
they were gonna have to get malaria
shots well you know what I mean but not
only that but you know this is like AIDS
no I don't mind lies and I don't care
much thank you it's gonna fuck my kids
no but wait wait wait let me finish you
got a mosquito at AIT's a bite you
what happened that works you don't think
that works I don't think it works that
way well we we gotta find out yeah but
that was what everybody was worried
about my show it's not just me but in
the 80s that was one of the big fears
was that mosquitoes mosquitoes gonna
give you know like one guy would have
HIV
he would get a mosquito bite and would
fly over to you and it'll give it to you
but it's monkey in the tree a tree
monkey this isn't they isn't that out
the age thing started I think this is a
there's a lot of confusion but they
think it was probably from a hunter who
was hunting a monkey and thunk the
pocket on an in fucked my thumb cut
himself while he was cleaning the monkey
while he was gutting the monkey because
this is a very common thing it's it
sounds disturbing but what they call
bush meat and what bush meat is
basically any kind of meat from any kind
of thing they shoot in the woods they
would shoot monkeys was a whole
different thing you know a bush people
what the fuck are you talking about like
no it has a bush anymore
oh god that's porn change the game they
change the change that's the the biggest
influence of pornography in American
culture is not just that people watch it
but it changed the way people grew in
their pubic hairs oh yeah I grow my
nightshade up because it makes me feel
younger they get gray it's like this
yeah yeah Bush but anyway that's how
aids apparently they think HIV spread
from patient zero was a guy who cut
himself while he was cleaning see it's
informative show I didn't know how it
worked
yeah I might be wrong about that
well I was wrong about the mosquitoes
don't be hotter I just don't think that
it I don't think it's as is
transmittable it's like say well area
all right say say mosquito got
mosquitoes transmit malaria yes right
well what's the difference between a
good chunk of blood going to dead you
know I mean I don't think it works the
same way I just think it's more
difficult to transmit which is one of
the reasons why men typically don't get
it from sex they get it from needles
you know women get it from sex cuz the
guy comes inside of you and you know
that's how you get HIV this is we can't
operate send that sample give me a nice
hair back Bush clippings in his swing he
still doing radio does he still do radio
no it's good
once a week I think oh he was on zlx for
a couple of years it was making good
money
is there a radio in Boston anymore kiss
and Toronto was the pioneer yeah with
the five survive that really helped
boost comedy in the eighties he was a
big proponent yeah he helped he helped
me an awful I remember what one night he
came in he said you know he's gotta make
the move no I don't wanna smack you
around because you know this ain't gonna
work
he said why don't you come on my show I
don't know how to do ready she's like
your best community I'm the best DJ to
work I tried it we were selling out you
know status I mean it was just
incredible every time we go on a show it
promote it was it was in Grand I really
I really appreciate it his help you know
but he still around
no no no unfortunately passed I went to
see him two weeks before he died they
said max into Mass General so I went in
and he started laughing and then she
nearly choked and I uh I said man what's
going on oh you know it's it's not good
Lenny only got a couple days this is it
aids he said no I said so I kissed him
on the forehead
mosquitoes I can't be taken again what
happened uh I don't know you know I
don't know but one day it's a lot of
things weren't bad you know and you know
it's Maddie in the morning still around
always he was huge back when I was
delivering newspapers
yeah Jo he's gonna be on the arrow
almost 40 years now had a TV show before
the radio gig why would you yeah I did
that yeah I did that show what well he
crossed me once it is you yeah and I
flipped out night I threatened to fight
him so I went on the sports channel and
I said I will drop 100 pounds Oh Maddie
Siegel for children's cancer and Barry
and Elliot said we'll put the chairs
will donate the chest will put lounge
chairs in the way and someone donated
the venue and it got really crazy and
there man he said listen I'm sorry you
know and we were doing an event that his
mother passed away from and I said oh
how can you know I'm sorry I pause so
we're back to being friends because
we're friends a long time but then you
know I mean sometimes people you know
you know one thing about you that I've
always had my eyes I liked you before I
even knew you're a bad I said just like
you're nuts I didn't know you were you
know stone-cold killer but the point is
what you have such a way and and and
other friends of mine that are just
really you know dangerous people very
very calm you know even when people you
know push you to the limit you you know
which is good I wish I did that cuz you
know I've been sued a few times in you
know I've learned you know I've learned
to keep my hands to myself you got oh
yeah oh how was it by that it was a an
NBA player that I wanted to come for the
Celtics Howard he I think he's with
Charlotte now and I'd see guys planned
he just turn and look you know and like
Logan makings for the Patriots people
would smack him in the back he turn
around just give that look and they'd be
back way I always admired people that
could control the madness you know
makers I
you don't want to let the genie out of
the bottle no that's when you know
things can people die yeah horrible
decisions when you're in a rage yeah
yeah also you gotta be like if something
does happen you got to be able to stay
calm while it's happening then you see
where the shots are is when people get
frantic the adrenaline starts pumping
you start hyperventilating and freaking
out you don't see things you don't you
don't you know you can't see things that
are happy it's how people get hurt
oh yeah you learn how to do that when
when in competition right competition
you can never freak out you never could
be emotional if you're emotional you
lose all track of what's happening you
know you lose your breath you get tired
quick I know you get that adrenaline I
have much respect for people that you
know MMA and in martial arts only I
remember college my freshman year at
college buddy of mine who was a fight
okay Jimmy file create fighter Golden
Gloves champion everything he said Lenny
I think you could be a good fighter so
he took me to this gym in Springfield
and I fought this Nigerian he was he was
my Nigerian Knight made only bet he'll
take a week I was like 220 he was like
235 you know and couldn't even barely
speak English we got no we got to ring
him for the first 30 seconds I was I was
awesome but he hit me with his shot that
put me airborne I mean I was out cold
before I hit the mat and I woke up and
it was staring down me please don't get
up man that wasn't gonna work for me you
know I mean I've never lost a barroom
fight but probably out of fear and just
you know the fight-or-flight you know I
want a boat that they both get get let's
fight and get out here as fast as we can
it's always a bad idea like but the
thing about bar fights too is like you
not fighting one person you know those
other dudes around you you can't see
them hear about it on the phone they
come over well weren't you a bouncer a
great woods joke yeah yeah yeah I was
one of the security people and I quit
during a Neil Young concert because Neil
Young one of the things that we would do
is we would catch people bringing in
booze
would always have to check people's bags
when they were coming in but the other
thing that we do is we try to keep order
in the lawn you know great lawn area
well one day during a Neil Young concert
they started having bonfires in the lawn
[Laughter]
people lighting fires and we tell these
people to start put the fires out and I
remember I had a good friend his name
was Larry Jones he was the whole the
whole staff of employees was like there
was a few guys was guy named alley cat
who ran he always wanted to open up a
place called libations and alley cats
libations and victuals I never remember
I've always remembered that you want to
open up a bar that was his dream but
first time I met alley cat some guy had
stolen one of the golf carts they had a
security golf card some drunk kids stole
the golf cart and they beat the fuck out
of him with walkie-talkies never forget
that I was like Jesus these guys aren't
playing yeah and you know I might have
been getting like twenty bucks an hour I
don't know what the fuck yeah but I
remember think of Jesus I don't want to
get in actual fights here because I was
competing at the time to nineteen years
old so that was when I won the US Open
and I was I was in the height of my
competition days and this fight broke
out on this lawn and they were all
Taekwondo black belts all like either
national champions or state champions
there's like five or six of us out there
and my friend Larry who's like the
nicest guy in the world he was in some
sort of altercation with this guy and I
see him slam this guy in the stomach and
drop him I'm like fuck if Larry's
punching people this is bad so I had
always brought a hoodie with me because
I was a coward as soon as the fights
break out I would put a hoodie on over
my security jacket zip it up I'm like
fuck you and I quit I walk right out the
fucking door with everybody else and I
just never
I didn't collect my check that week I
was like you can keep it I'm not dying
now it was broswer break it out people
were taking people's asses and hitting
people with chin there was fire
everywhere and my preservation instinct
kicked in I was like there's no fucking
way no way I'm getting involved that was
my last day on the job
did you ever work there I mean perform
there yeah no I never performed there
I never performed it but I got to see a
lot of guys I got to see Cosby perform
there I saw Keenan Standish in there I
saw Rodney this was in the rodney
bathrobe days so rodney was backstage
and one of the guys who I worked with
saw his hog
oh yes he would be fucking full naked
underneath this bathro but he had a
giant dick I've spent hours per day we
shot this movie out here
we always abolish box and he's come on
kid let's go get out so and he starts
taking somebody takes the robot but now
we said be careful with this dope this
dumps really I said run em and smoke at
30 is I'm finding us I'm telling you to
bring your shit Indians bring this in
and Cano said and I'm past Calabasas way
when I live in the marina and I goes I
tried to tell you well the back then
they had like California weed today is
preposterous I mean it's it's so strong
that some people are having psychotic
breaks and people have breakdowns and
losing their mind mentally it's 20 times
stronger than what we said and I smoked
every day I used to I used to smoke him
work out I'd smoke I'd ride the bike I'd
smoke I'd swim I love to smoke I just
got I got I thought it was more creative
when I was smoking you know it's just
like like columns or linings man I got
writer's block okay
but it was just I mean yeah now they
tell me it's and now it's legal what I
did about it what's interesting is my
wife's friends openly smoke pot now like
whereas like
when I was younger like if people found
out you smoked pot they would look at
you like you're some sort of derelict
like you were doing stone yeah even if
you were successful even if you were
working every day even if you showed up
on time if you were a pot smoker he
smoked open a Robert Mitch Mitch oh yeah
his downfall
well it was it was a pyramid oh he said
dope smokers don't smoke dope it's a
gateway drug I go you don't know what
you're talking about once again I was
wrong well everything's a gateway drug
if you really want it to be huh you know
but Rodney that those days of the
bathrobe days were his best days it's a
full on I don't give a fuck days he
didn't give a fuck it was just vradi
gave lenny one of his first big national
breaks on the HBO special in who was on
your special with you lenny Chimel hicks
dice Dom I got my rare Carol Leifer very
syllable Barry Sobel to this day one of
the best specials ever yeah it was it
was nuts you know because we were out
here and rodney was auditioning
everybody for it and Mike said go ask
him so I said hey Rodney I said we could
take a look at me kid I've seen people
with 20 without no no and he walked two
and he turned said hey if you can be in
New York next week I'll take a look at
Mike's it'll be there so we flew back to
Boston we took the train down and mike
says you have any they were gonna do a
gun I so so I go into the bot and this
Bill Hicks sitting at the barber they
said hey man nice to meet you I said
Midwife yes it's me and you up for the
best spot you know I spotted some
made a best man will have a have a drink
after he goes I'm drinking now and I
goes wrong fucking answer I went out I
punched the fucking phone book there's a
long ago I was so pissed and Ronnie was
who wants to go first I do so I went on
and I fucking burnt the time running us
Jesus Christ now I get you're on the
show now I said it's not my problem man
Rodney's in the bathroom of course
it's so we forgot to be good friends one
night we left there and we went up to
the Tavern on the Green
okay and he's in the world she's in the
bathrobe we don't blow and drinking
smoking and we get out we go up got some
nice people so you saw Hicks when he was
drinking stage yeah I only saw him after
drinking I saw him post drinking yeah I
saw him at Nick's well the first time I
saw him I saw him at the connection I
saw him at Nick's and I saw him at the
connection those are two places yeah I
mean we became friends after that but I
mean it was that was you know I'm after
a good guy you know it's sometimes it's
the competitive juices oh yeah I don't
know sure what it is
that was the well one of the things that
comics of today talk about is how is a
different thing in the community now
like the comics community is very
supportive there's no competitiveness
anymore it's not the same because it's
not like everybody's up for a limited
amount of slots on like an HBO young
comedian special location or Carson
there's none of that in fact everybody
helps everybody because everybody does
everybody's podcast everybody supports
everybody we work together on the road
together it's like it's a different vibe
oh yeah when I was coming up it was like
that it was all cut cut yeah and
everybody wanted everybody to bomb after
him yeah I always felt I said look if
one of us makes it we kicked the door
down for everyone else yeah but people
will make it ahead of me and they were
slamming that door shutting but I and
that's why I had to go from LA to I come
out here and make no money yeah hey
Michiko you you'd be funny if you are
red tired okay I'll get a red tie so
much better and she was great to me I
mean she she went when I broke through
that's right there yeah I know I love it
so she said to me joke joke joke I go
isn't that what it's supposed to be you
know and what exciting it to be I don't
know
I don't know I really don't know but but
but she said you're not gonna go away I
said no I'm not gonna okay you're
regulation what's that mean no they get
like $25 now no I don't what pay for my
back and yeah so I flew back and forth
from Boston and he got me working
everywhere and I'd make enough money to
live out here and I did every weekend
for 18 months but it was so smart that
you did that because you were one of the
few guys that left Boston right all this
brilliant communication Sweeney and all
these guys don't Tony Hawk's yeah there
were guys that you know if they went to
Boston and and get on stage yes during
the 80s in the early 90s I saw some of
the best stand-up I ever saw in my life
what guys would murder it's hard to be
serious yeah yeah had to yeah yeah
that's a row you couldn't look the guys
in the face yeah Rogers ago wow you're
really sucked
yeah they were ruthless but the level of
comedy was so high yeah like on a
Saturday night you could see Lenny
Sweeney
Gavin Steve Wright all on the same show
yeah and it was crazy and then they
would occasionally at Nix Nix was the
biggest culprit in this where they would
bring in some local some national guy
Skippy yeah brought in Tara family died
who would sell some tickets right but
then they would set him up and they'd
have to follow these guys follow fucking
assassin group I mean it was it was
crazy was a murderer's row I have some
of the best comics ever I remember
Richard Lewis came and I love Richard
Lewis and I think he's a great comic but
he came in and Gavin oh hey man have you
seen this Richard Louis I said no
because watch this special so I watched
him and I go yeah it's gonna be cannon
fodder he goes what I go he goes listen
I'm telling it's a lot different from
from filming and being on stage at
Nick's so he came in it was me Sweeney
and Gavin and him and so we go on and we
burn it down and he goes on and then he
goes back to the hotel 57 and turns on
channel 4 and sees Joyce go hey work
butchering him in the reveal and
comes back and he goes I can't believe
this is happening I go hey man listen
you're a great guy open I said we'll
take care of it he goes really I said
yeah don't blow him throwing shit out
the window so you guys were insane and
six months later I do my first movie the
wrong guys with him and he says I never
forget what you didn't boss him for me
he was so nice to me you know and I was
a wreck because I didn't do movies well
it's a terrible position for a comic
like him to be because he wasn't that
kind of comic like a guy would
pontificate and you have these long
pauses and stories stories and funny but
yeah these people don't joke to be set
up right like if he had a like a low-key
opener he would have fun which I bet he
got most the time on the road and and
not not crazy it was a very unusual
group guys of guys in Boston - because
they're all giant dudes like between you
and Gavin and Sweeney and NOx
they're big men oh these are big
intimidating men who are doing stand-up
you remember the the doormat Billy sure
Bigfoot he nearly killed me one night
right
well Dorma that next yeah yeah yeah so
these kids come in and go hey man he
goes were sold out it's $200 yes come
with me walks down to the front row
takes four kids from child sounds screw
get out and puts those jobs down here
come back next week I mean that's how it
was it was crazy it was insane you know
keep your head down
Oh young comic or keep your mouth shut
keep your head down and don't get on
anybody's bad side oh they told I did I
was doing the connection and upstairs
was a show with I don't trans
transvestites it did I did people
dressed up like guys dressed up like
women bring forth it was titled a drag
queens yeah yeah yeah so I go and there
was no there was no heat and all the
heat was in the in the middle room at
the connection I got ladies baths it's
going up there see some guys sing and
dance and a dress freezing their ass off
right
halftime break before the next show and
Billy comes storming in the back room
at the connection he goes who's Letty
clock and Steve Freud goes come with me
and they take me down to Nick's and they
take me now in the Sun I go you know
that fucking show you're making dinner
at that bag show you made fun of what
we're producing that you ever say that
again
they'll find you dead in the fucking
River do you understand oh yes I do
stop it so doing no they were stone-cold
killers yeah he was friends with my
buddy Joe Lake who was my boxing coach
and I brought Joe Lake to the show on it
and there were buddies together and Joe
Lake was a savage and I'm like he's
friends with this guy these are animals
he said he's in jail he was yeah it was
a bunch of animals then and people were
literally getting paid in coke oh yeah
my first gig down in Florida I did a
place in Sarasota it was a great weekend
the guy goes honey so it's in the week
two grand he goes how do you want it you
want it in cash or coke and I want how
about half and half
then I get whacked out and with the
Tampa to see Jackie the truck how did
you get it I really don't know it was
like I was so fucked up back then it was
like time travel you know you can give
me blow and booze in a car and I could
end up from Sarasota to Tampa you look
at that on a map that's not an easy gig
that's not an easy trip no and I would
just show up God Christ I remember we
used to call when you get a gig back in
the day and that some of them would be
in New Hampshire and some weird fucking
Lodge
there's strippers male strippers you
know what the high school words male
strip right and they don't and I said
I'm emceeing you know and I gotta do
comedy between so I go Kathy is a Kathy
O'Malley here your kid fell down and
hurt his head
fuck you sure sure we get the directions
you just you have to write them down
legal Yeah right
just write down take a ride at the fork
you know and then you go two miles in
this road right it's in it's it's in
Salem you'll find it that's it they say
so small when you get there one night he
had me working Rhode Island
Massachusetts in New Hampshire three
gigs and I got hit a night that's a lot
of fucking drivers you get Dordogne
[Laughter]
[Music]
someone who's a crazy
Rhode Island was always fun and then
when Kennison when I first met Kennison
out at the store I said oh my god it was
like a rebel
I never seen anything and I've seen
everybody I said this I call him I go
you gotta see this fucking guy he's nuts
meds I'm bully he's like this preacher
with this comedy it's insane and so uh
we bring him to Boston and Nick's is the
first stop fired I had to fire him after
the first show why he showed up all
fucked up
and you know I got him some blow and he
went on stage they just it's doing like
new material yeah and I said Sam is
there any way you could do your HBO he
goes don't bro that's been done that's
been done and I go what I gotta let you
go he goes I figured that and then I got
him a gig at the connection then he got
fired from there then you had him a
place in Malden he got fired then he
shows up at stitches at my gig and he
comes walking in like awesome man I yeah
I can't lose this gig this Mike this is
my big money gig do you trust me
do you trust the beasts dear trusted be
free me I'd say ladies and gentlemen you
summon the HBO Saturday live one of the
best I've ever seen
Sam he comes Doublemint out would have a
bottle of my way chugs it down burps and
says
someone's fucking me tonight and from
then on he found the room that and by
the end of the night they had hide him
to come back to do the back room at the
paradise and it was off and running but
oh my god is like 86 yeah yeah so we're
in New York and with Caroline and I mean
everybody was everybody comes out to see
the show it's unbelievable and they're
gonna do
Rolling Stone he's on the cover of
Rolling Stone and he's supposed to do
today's show
so he he flies in every girl that's ever
broke up with him and puts them all up
in the same told the story the more than
the small group of people but we're in
the room and I'm lying on the side of
the bed brothers bill his mom's dead
Sam's passed up the chair we've been
going for days and Samsung Lenny you
gotta get Sam up he's got a show today
show that's huge man we can't blow this
up and he was just at the point where he
didn't care anymore
I thought so I said Sam Sam get up get
up you got it to us your mother wants
you to do it this is big for it's great
for your career and we turn on the TV
and he's putting on his fucking lemon
he's put on his girl and this challenge
it takes off and we also his mother's
just got hold and in the forex Today
Show we won't be using thing to happen
you lose all those but you know I guess
she was a teacher you don't have forget
her name and the kids were in the
classroom and don't watch it anyone want
some cookie this cake
all right add that I mean yeah but he
was he was fearless fearless yeah he was
you know I don't know if you know the
story about him but his brother bill
wrote that book brother Sam yeah and he
talked about how Sam got hit by a car
when he was a little kid he was a normal
kid and he gets this horrible head
injury and then all of a sudden was
fearless like that happened to Roseanne
and that happened to him
same exact story hit by a car I didn't
know one personality changes a hundred
percent becomes a totally different
personality and becomes his wild
reckless person habit of both of them
listen you know all these all these uh
these documentaries about him and stuff
and I see people that were on the
periphery edges I mean I was with him
for a few years I mean bringing up the
ball we brought him to Boston when he
wasn't making a lot of money and might
paid him and he loved it and we became
real good friends and it was uh it was
just a time in life that I never saw
anything like that you know what he
break into the preacher thing with his
little feet dancer I mean and so one
night were up he started canceling
missing cakes and he missed the
University of Arizona and his manager
goes and he had a big-time manager they
just got him you know the cover of
Rolling Stone all that stuff and he goes
Lenny you got to get him to the show
tomorrow you were opening for him ice
okay so Sam Gus come on we'll go back to
the place and massive minds blown shit
and I'm going up to go to the bathroom
I'm he's that one gets up to go to
bathroom I would bring Tampa and we're
doing a show it was the year that Tampa
lost every game the professional
football team and they came in some big
offensive linemen biggest guys ever seen
can we meet Sammy Sam these guys want to
meet ya and one of them breaks out a
little blow and Sam goes blows away whoa
see it takes out a bag look at my yeah
he's not human
we go back to a space and now it's 3:00
in the morning it's 4:00 in the morning
we're supposed to take a seven o'clock
flight and it's yeah but I gotta make
that flight it's eight o'clock flight
it's only an hour out of
you know la de Arizona there right so so
10 o'clock the the manager shows up let
me go say man this is not good but this
is a makeup show you beauty it in
shellfish it makeup showed it sold out
it yeah he goes take Lenny would you and
I'll be I'll follow on so we're in the
we're in the plane and he sister how
much time you got then I said well how
much in aiding us well you know until he
gets here so I go on I'm supposed to do
20 I'm I'm at about 54 and I'm going man
I'm running out and I'm holding him off
your Sam 7 I behold them all and I look
over and he's on an oxygen tank for the
Mon and the place goes crazy crazy crazy
crazy and afterwards we go to some strip
club right and so we're in it everyone's
wild man he's a big star you know man
people can't believe it so sitting all
the strippers come over and he's strong
money around there and someone throws a
can of beer hey that's it he goes you
guys want to make more money in the
night then you make it a month come with
me and we go about eight of them come
and we get in a limo and we go back to
the hotel we're up the hotel went do a
miser drinking her meeting and he goes
slutty he goes I know you're married he
goes but at about five minutes things
are gonna change you might want to go he
says because once you open this door
you'll never be able to close it again
and I thought mice all right brother
okay and so I left then I went back to
my room get an extra quart keep from the
Doubletree go well by my room so the
next morning I get up and I go over to
the room and I open up it's fucking
destroyed I get a cab I go to the
airport and I fly back and it is day I
never know what happened it was one guy
magic I mean if you ever listen this mad
you fine because I want to know what but
it looked like it looked like a bomb
what of shit was broken so
I mean like a trashed place but like
dangerously trashed and and blood and
still still blow leptin and I don't know
what happened at night you know Marc
Maron was hanging out with him back in
the day when Mark was a doorman at the
comic strip he's a young kid yeah he did
so much coke with Kinison that he heard
voices for a year
his head was broken he heard voices in
his head for a fucking year and that's
when he sobered up he came to Boston
right after that right yeah that's when
I met him yeah I met Maren in 88 when he
had just just was trying to get his
brain back online yeah he was fried he
cooked his brain they were just up for
days oh not many people could run
outside shell work well in Boston and we
I think we do stitches and we closed I
should come out we'll go over to
Lansdowne Street because a buddy bass
was running that so now we're drinking
bottles of champagne like it's going on
that's it men it's enough we gotta go so
we leave it simple is where we going now
I don't know man it's there's no bars
open it's after 2:00 he comes you gotta
know a place they go most the place I
know that they're folded up they've been
shut down he goes wait a minute
hey goes the limo we had the other night
had boozing oh yeah call a limo so they
call a limo it comes fully stocked what
if I Gus
never underestimate my power shall - it
happened em you know it just it was
insane just not human he's a while.i
motherfucker oh sure he changed comedy
it really did oh he changed what comedy
was it became something like before him
it was people telling jokes but he was
so outrageous and when he did that HBO
special that one that he did from the
Roxy and on Sunset I was there yeah that
fucking special changed comedy like it
changed people's idea like when he did
that joke about the homosexual
necrophilia what I mean just all one
night I go in and the cops the cops love
Sam and there was like about seven squad
guys out in front of accommodation don't
go up Sam you go and they were all lined
toward the steps involved there I'll
watch him
and
Vaman you know I mean he goes yeah
people don't seem to like me I don't
want you to me a favor
you know when you go home tonight but I
want you to take a piece of paper
napkins something anything even I don't
want you write on it someone in your
life that's passed you know a brother or
sister a mother to secret dead I want
you to take that home and I want you to
get home and I want you to why he would
leave like 20 or 30 tickets for the cops
in that town wherever we were yeah yeah
yeah no cops would always show up that's
awesome I said one night we're up in
Mitzi's and he's up there jammin with
every clap did Phil Collins I forget who
the other guy was and they're on it boy
and he's got the guitars and we're
working it out right I'm gonna can't
play but I'm on this is insane
and so the cops come he goes Lenny take
care of it so I go up and there's like
three four cars the lights gonna go
what's up I say hey it's you have to cut
it down oh man y'all can't believe it
Eric Clapton's I mean was Phil Collins
and the jam oh it's salmon exam can we
meet the cops it's ok but you gotta come
up and take a picture with him and you
fuck I said Sam I said see that are
closing it down so he goes up and their
Polaroids that's when they had the
Polaroid cameras and they took I had me
taking the Polaroids and Sam in the cops
it was what I'd love to see those
pictures but it was you never know who
was gonna come over there you never know
what was gonna come over that was just
incredible he's the example that I
always give to comics of a guy who was
at one point in time one of the best
ever
oh yeah but then dropped off hard like
he dropped off in a big way just stop
writing too much partying his brother
talked about it in the book mm-hmm he
just it's what can happen like I can't
you gotta respect this fuckin thing
and he was just all about the ride and
then also he became very very famous
probably too famous right you know well
we've been doing the outlaws a comedy at
the dunes that's how long ago
and he had driven out with Tamiya Tamiya
Sookie and I got a call early in the
money Lenny come quick Sam that know
what so I go over to the Caesars Palace
Davey and I can't wake we kept my tech
take the champagne thing take it up pour
water on me and smile pushed me out away
and said it's just welcome to Japan Mr
Bond
[Music]
tomorrow I mean she was so funny man you
know she was I really enjoyed her and
she was sweet I worked with her used to
work right at the store a lot you know I
don't I don't know if she's is she still
doing comedy I don't know I haven't seen
ever
yeah she oh she did this she came up you
know in your country you say I work
miles to school in the snow in my
country you drop atomic bomb on us yeah
funny funny funny stuff man but he was
Oh first time I ever did ecstasy it was
they were closing the club that he
started at in Austin Texas I guess we're
all going Rob laughs stop yeah we're all
going so he drove I think he drove it
flew down if I met him and well someone
comes into me you gotta try this is what
is ecstasy was yeah man give me give me
all your guys so we got we're all on
exercise I never did next month I was
sitting on a couch with drank him at the
bar and he starts to float away right so
I mean there's aha so I reach over and I
bring him down I said what the fuck you
quit touching samurai - oh it's Ambus
thank you honey crazy-fast
yeah I was in my shitty apartment in New
Rochelle New York when I listened MTV
News and they told me that you know on
the television they told us that he died
oh I
they called me said Lonnie Sam's dead
and I said have you seen the body you
know cuz I couldn't believe it
killed by a 19 year old driver was a fan
I could you know I I seen so much and
it's so much with him I just I didn't
think he was capable of dying you know
Oh wouldn't he's doing back to school
he's just come on him oh go to the
second we go and see see Rodney's in the
rope I guess hey Ronnie I know he said
what's up kids you want to be in
depiction I said well listen Ronnie I
appreciate but would you put my wife in
two pictures Tim you put your bride in
the pictures every choice I've been on
the road with Sam for last month use no
problem bitches in the picture so we put
my first wife in back to school she's
got a nice prominent role in Wow yeah
yeah crazy how the fuck did you come out
all that so healthy well you look great
thank you thank you really do what you
got my dreams I'm out there brother
that's that's fantastic but you know
it's funny because I I listen to you
about you know you workouts like you're
hanging thing we just hang you know
people don't pull ups and stuff just
hang it's great for your shoulders it's
great it's great for everything doing 30
seconds get to a minute there's stuff
like that and when I I did I forget I
was doing a TV show and I saw myself on
it it was 388 pounds over 56 inch waist
and I had always been you know me what
about my first thought I was thin kid in
everything and I just I I was the only
guy knows did coke and an eating
disorder I would I would do a lion have
a steak I just did sound about it was it
coke affected me really different than
most people so I had the hot problems
had all that stuff I get I get I said to
get better and then I ice once I get so
bust
I turned even more to food like a bigger
and bigger and bigger and one day I just
said I'm gonna stop and then I started
what that weight watchers you know and I
lost like a hundred pounds with them and
I thought it was gonna be the spokesman
and they ended up giving the job to
Charles Barkley and then he was talking
about fat bitches in San Antonio but I
was the guy I mean and he put the wet I
lost 100 pounds with them and I was so
dead and an Oprah took off and I thought
I'm definitely cuz I did Oprah I mean I
didn't fucker I did a show and I thought
that she would like me and that never
happened so I started working out on my
own I started riding a bike and I
started swimming and I
that'd saddle lifting weights because I
never lifted in high school I was always
real thin I was like on with 78 pounds
in high school and then I start I get
into I can into doing sit-ups and abs
and crunches and and then when I Met
Your Honor but was the movie oh here
comes the boom and I just and the
lifting it was for my brain you know I
mean I'd go to the gym and it was good
for my head you know and I really liked
cuz I mean I wasn't doing it to look
good I was doing it to save my life and
then I started like how I look I started
working at it and it's it's it's part of
my thing now and I you know I'm 65 years
old kids in the gym see me how old you
like I'm 82 but it's just amazing that
you went from wild partying constant
just drugs and booze and partying to a
hundred percent healthy yeah lifting
weights yeah I wouldn't be here if he
hadn't stopped it's a hard trend that's
a hard turn it's a big right angle yeah
what what like well the kid a kid feel
barren oh I told you the young the bank
robber kid was my sponsor he he he he he
said listen look you can get this
together you can change your life you
can you know the sky's the limit
and.and he can't stay clean on yesterday
shower they probably about that so and
he just it just was he was all over me
and then and I started to get spiritual
you know and and did you ever slip no no
no no I mean no no I got I'm deathly
afraid and I'm not it out and I'm not a
I'm not a preacher you know I don't
write them talk about it you know I mean
I'm talking about now cuz you asked me
but you know and I don't judge anybody
you know if I'll Drive you only well
I'll Drive you know people say if you if
you break up with you made to be I
didn't know you know I mean and now a
lot of this stuff's like like you were
saying you know punch 20 times 40 times
stronger I'm going
[Music]
do you miss any of it hi mister but you
know I can't I can't go I know how bad I
was you know and I'm Anna and I and I
lost I lost a lot you know I mean I'm
still working you know and you know I
mean it's it's something I don't want to
go back to I did it you know I mean I
should go to play by Mitch there was a
play by mention all the time you know I
was there at the high that wouldn't have
had seven girlfriends you know he came
up to having a good time Lennie this is
almost putting a coat on I went over and
I helped her with a money oh really
Liz what do you do I'm a comedian my son
was a commentator you're not Sally ma
yes Sally MA and me became best of
friends she's my mom's mom Bruce's mom
yeah and she said come get me and I you
know Joe horrible story I hadn't we've
got the other twice a week you know I
mean I just
but sadly Maya came and she you know
Lenny would steal a lot of my fucking
material I'd go to a club and carries a
me there was a guy in a all your
material this is named Lenny he's my
fucking son dad even prick she was a
calm her life Sally would steal her 83
she was raped by some crazy Mexican
broke into a house woman and she was
always all fucking pig
I had a confessor in the hospital of it
it was it was horrible you know I mean
this should happen you know I remember
Sam had her open up his special yeah
yeah and and we did the thing to raise
money for her to you know cuz I mean
yeah one of his specials she she
actually she came out with
yeah yeah yeah yeah well I had Sam to
her because I had met her at you know I
she was at the Playboy Mansion she was
doing the old woman and have loved and
she would go out there unannounced and
they would sit down with you know eat
then I'd ride Rover every way Wow yeah
pretty crazy yeah when I mean I would
have you seen that new TV show the
marvelous mrs. Mason no everyone tells
me it's a great show it's a great
fucking show I mean it's not
historically accurate like the way they
talk it's like they're doing kind of
modern stand-up but they're doing modern
stand-up back in those days and the
woman that didn't exist like there was
no woman like mrs. Mazal historically I
could took a long time before I mean she
was more rowdy than Lenny Bruce was in
the television show but it shows you
what it was like back when people are
just getting arrested for saying things
and it makes you realize like Lenny
Bruce that fucking guy paid he paid the
price and we're all benefiting from him
well you know when when I first started
there was one book the last laugh that
was all of us about money it was no no
movies no no documentaries anything and
I wanted to know as much as I could
about all the guys who came before me
you know cuz I'd watch it I remember I
saw Alan King to stand up on a TV anyway
oh my it was unbelievable I said
fantastic then I saw him as an actor and
he's amazing and I get to work with red
buttons you know I mean I mean I mean he
wasn't commanding but he was really
funny you know and I mean people that
that came before me I knew every single
one I might I'd studied them anyway and
this was before YouTube and stuff I'd I
just read whatever I could find on them
and it was I would tell these young kids
coming up I gotta look at the guys who
came before you and that not interested
at all you know
I what I saw a Gleason Gleason was what
I wanted to be I I just thought Jackie
Gleason was just amazing you know and I
I want to be like that guy you know
because he was incredible
and it was people who realize he was a
stand-up you know no Gleason's it stands
oh yeah
one night two-ton toni collette that was
giving him shit and the boxer and
Gleeson tackled him and come out yeah it
was incredible you know cuz I met hot
Connie you know Jackie Gleason was
obsessed with UFOs did you know that nah
but I got kind of dig it too man that's
a story this guy told it to me some guy
was a rock band dude he told me the
story and I don't know if it's true
but the story was that Gleason was
friends with Nixon Nixon said you want
to see some shit yeah Nixon took him to
151 it was I don't think it was area 51
I think was hangar 18 which is a there's
an Air Force Base and I think it was
outside of Columbus Ohio and they they
supposedly had some fucking crashed UFO
there and Gleason built a replica of it
or had a replica of it built in his
fucking backyard in New York Wow I went
to the homestead Air Force Base outside
of Miami it says the actual version
where are you getting this from just
google it I mean it's a rumored story so
I don't know yeah well I got it from a
guy in a band might might be bullshit
but he gave me some book on UFOs he was
telling me about this and but the Jackie
Gleason apparently was obsessed with
UFOs well I I believe this there's got
to be something out there yeah I don't
were it I mean that's it no every I I
did money you were so shows and I've
been around the world and it was every
time I thought I was in off the coast of
Turkey someplace and the commander the
base took me for dinner after it's and I
got him drunk I got a pretty truck I was
so bad stomach I'm pretty dark and I
said hey man you guys let me ask you
about area 51 he goes got stolen so
biggest this conversation happened and
he I gotta take a cab to find my way
back to a nuke base that that no one
knows about right so then we're uh I
mean I'm at the dunes there some long
ago that was
and I'm with these guys in the Air Force
and I they said man we really like show
with fancy husband I got him drunk I say
man what about every a51 and they said
mr. Clark
good night and they walked away so now
me and Mike a golf him with these blue
angels and he goes you're gonna ask
Michael no the second year we golf with
him again I got iPhones tell me about
every 51 yeah well he goes I was flying
a plane and I had malfunctioned I land
there and they came out and they pretty
much blind fall to me took me into a
building and they fixed my jet within 35
minutes and then put me back to my city
whenever here and I went oh my god so I
don't know what's out there
yeah but that was here's the thing that
was an area where they were testing all
sorts of military equipment they were
testing different new like that's where
the b-2 stealth bomber
yeah they were testing that there and in
the spy plane yeah they were testing a
lot of shit yeah yeah so there was a lot
of top-secret stuff there right didn't
necessarily happy aliens I understand
that and I'm hopeful trying to find out
i but I'd love to go there man oh man
but you can't even try if you drive up
there Joe by the time you get your
camera out there they're on you yeah
tell you what you get out of here we'll
lock you up you know it's it's not good
so they don't even go there anymore
they've moved to a new area they've
they've actually because it's so heavily
scrutinized because of Google Earth and
all sorts of different ways you can see
things they've actually moved to another
area but I read I read everything I
could find about that too and I think I
think I read the book area 51 two years
ago and basically at the end of the book
it was like Hitler had these you know
his guys experimenting with the Jews and
cut and put their arms on different ways
and had a had an aircraft that was
looked like a spaceship and it crashed
and his people came out with him crazy
answers but they're aliens and that was
in the book you know so they can't shut
the shit out of it I know they'd Hitler
did experiment with some sort of disk
type
ever gotten off the ground yeah what the
deal was but the most interesting
stories the story of Robert Lazar Bob
Lazar who was a guy who worked at area
51 and he got fired because his wife was
cheating on him and they were recording
all of his phone calls and taping all
those conversations and they found out
that his wife was cheating on him they
thought that he was gonna be emotionally
unstable and so they didn't tell him why
they just released him so then he brings
friends to watch these what he said was
were alien crafts that they were
experimenting with and they were flying
these things around that had some super
advanced propulsion system that they
were asking him to help back engineer
and he brought friends do that and then
they got arrested for doing that and
when he did that then he started talking
about it
so he's been discredited by a bunch of
people but I don't know who's telling
the truth he says that they they wiped
his college record so the new one but
people said they went to school with
them and he definitely did work for the
government but under what capacity who
knows but his story's fascinating and
you know I want it to be true oh yeah
you hear it you want it to be Joe they
used to fly the team of people that
worked at area 51 from Burbank yeah
every day Flyman they'd work and then
fly him back it's like they didn't stay
over well there was that one airport
outside of Vegas it was right outside
like that where the Riviera was yeah you
can actually look out and see the
airport and they would fly them the
people from there but it's like mark
Jets yeah I wanted to be sure of course
yeah you want it to be true we flew up
we would we did once dynamo Bay and Wow
it was amazing I would Colin Quinn Greg
Geraldo who's a little kid on billions
Mike Birbiglia
yeah and Gaffigan Gavin and someone else
I don't we flew in like a CIA plane and
we did the show Jesus Christ yeah yeah
it was pretty pretty amazing and I
tailored my show to the marine set with
it he's a young guy and during the week
they said basically I could really
lifted the morale of everyone it's just
uh what do you wanna do I want to go
over to the presidents you know not
actually do it scream at dimension
oh we can't have that you know I did but
anyway we do the show and we'll even
like three days later and I get to the
airport I'm the first one day and I see
this little 8 seater plane and I go so
to spanish-speaking guys Campania nobody
no-nobody right so I go into the gift
shop and I buy a giant like water thing
so I get I can piss in it and the guy
shop who wants piss we're gonna play and
we fly it only took a second I were to
fly in this was a four hour flight in a
eight - engine 8 seater over water the
whole way and about 15 minutes ago
hey man where's the bathroom you know
bao what the top of the stairs it was
so fun yeah how is him favorite them but
it was it was Guantanamo Bay was amazing
that's got to be very weird it was my
place but here was this oh shit this
post 9/11 obviously yeah yeah because I
said to them I said well can can we ride
horses and they said no more horses they
had horseback ride they have beautiful
beaches for our troops that was and I
could see sailfish breaking and I said
can we go fishing you know I've never
caught a stray with it no we can't we
can't go out Missy will give you a ride
in the gunboat I went on a gunboat they
said what you think isn't my wife boats
faster yeah I could be honest with you
it was a nice but my wife bunk champs so
then the golf you had to carry your mat
and hit off the mat it's it's all been
run into disrepair but it's still
beautiful and because I did TV and
movies I was like a gs-13 and I got the
best apartment overlooking the bay and
that Bay is so big you can fit an entire
battle fleet with with the battleship
and it's in the stories everything goes
with it right in the bay and all that
was in was like a robot I mean it the
tanks are gone everything so they said
you want to go ride the fence I said
yeah yeah so we get up in the tower and
I see it
forget the but not cos I see this Cuban
guy go so I give him the finger
no the guys comes out I'm sorry sorry I
made it
so I said why are we so nervous he goes
this millions of Cubans here they can
overrun us and I go really don't we know
we have a skeleton force now that if
they wanted to overtake it I said we
could call in an airstrike I said hello
about 20 minutes Jetson cabana whatever
I think Holly I'll Florida so they said
their commander goes if you could do
anything what was it I said like to go
in Havana and buy some sir guys you know
take their seat the guy says some bitch
to come in my office
we're going in there's a map he goes see
this this way you are he goes that's
where Havana Cuba is the biggest island
in the Caribbean I had no at seven
hundred thirty six miles from Havana he
said you were closer to Vienna when you
went in Miami whoa yeah I didn't know
that you know but but the guys were
great it was a it was a great show they
put it on TV like I forget what's it
about man YouTube some place sucks they
wouldn't let you go fishing though oh I
want I wanted to ride a horse I wanted
to ride the tankers you see all the tank
tracks from when he went over the
mountains you know and they had taken
the prisoners and they had taken from
camp x-ray to camp Delta because camp
x-ray was basically like dog cages and
CNN came down look how we're treating
these people I'm you know they they're
all the look at the fact that they blew
up the World Trade Center but you know
so now they're in they have him they're
better quarters than some of the Marines
that have gotten him no they had
supposedly and still do have a lot of
innocent people in there there was a lot
of people that they just scooped up in
the wide net of looking to find people
that were complicit people that were
working with Isis or I mean I wasn't
them but you know but there was some bad
guys that's true yeah yeah some real bad
guys they said when when Obama released
the five guys to for that one guy oh
yeah you know it's reserved yeah there's
one of my buddies in sales is Lonnie I
put three of those guys in and they're
bad guys they shouldn't be let out mmm
you know who knows I mean yeah it's
gotta be strange Don to be in that
doesn't mean that is like one of the
most famous prisons in the world and you
doing stand-up there oh yeah it was it
was unbelievable I mean it was I I
really liked it
Stroh has never cashed a check it's
5,000 a year we pay him 5,000 here for
that Guantanamo Bay and he never cashed
a check because he figured if he didn't
cash it we could get support he could
get out of the deal but that was the
deal made like what I'm saying and Joe
it was so it was so beautiful like they
used to have you know fire pits and and
because you know beautiful things the
shade you know the families and the
beaches are pristine but it's a they've
let it go to hell you know it's so
strange yeah Lenny Clark you've lived a
fucking amazing life man well I'm gonna
write a book as soon as a few more
people die then thanks for taking care
of me when I was up and coming man oh
yeah the best I paid a lot of my bills
because you my friend thank your share
too pal all right everybody that's it
good night
[Music]